hello now I'm going to tell you how to
tie on I'm using for simplicity sake one
strand of baby yarn you simply tie it on
with a simple overhand knot if you
didn't tie a real tight one go ahead and
do a second one and I'm right-handed
so I like to lined with my right hand
but let me bring your attention to a
built-in ruler that we have it's 24
inches it's for left to right or also
right to left if you're left-handed so
that either way you're going to be able
to use the ruler in your kit we've also
included this little bar here so that
you can use it some customers like to
use it to measure out this is the length
of Fringe that they'd want or maybe here
or here or here and that way you don't
have to keep looking at the ruler you
can just run to here and go back and
forth until you get the thickness that
you're looking for other people wind on
yarn and ribbon a little bit too tight
so it's a way to keep the rods from
bending in and giving you an uneven
French so this keeps the tension correct
I'm spacing the bars I'm just simply
going to put it over here to the side
right now I'm going to start winding on
you can wind on all the way down the rod
like this you then go back there's any
number of ways to do it there are no
fringe police that are going to be
coming over to your house you can set it
up and then just go winding it one
strand right next to another now notice
I'm not holding the yarn which would add
tension I'm simply trying to lay it up
right next to each other guiding it with
my hands and then you slide it back you
probably want a monkey with it a little
bit to get it spaced out so that when
you sew it you can imagine how your
fringe is going to look you may want
something a little bit you know more
sparse you may want it a little bit
thicker and so on now you can line done
and make large beads in between
your product like this and if you do
before word that you're going to be
using a lot of product so if you're
working on a project and you only have a
limited number on your favorite yarns
trims or ribbons you wouldn't want to do
this because it's probably going to
overuse what you have available for your
project in that case you'd want to just
go back to laying it up one on top of
the other like this next I'm going to
show you how to sew the header just for
simplicity sake I'm not going to wind
the whole rod because you can see it's
over and over and over again so what
we're going to do is we're going to pop
the handle out of its cradle push it out
of the hole and now we're going to take
this entire tee over to the sewing
machine and I'll show you how to start
sewing the header